[IMP] sales: online payment confirmation doc (#5437)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_paid_to_validate.rst

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/finance/payment_providers`

Register a payment
==================

After opening quotations in their customer portal, and customers click :guilabel:`Accept & Pay` to
confirm their order with an online payment.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/accept-and-pay-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The accept and pay button on an online quotation in Odoo Sales.

After clicking :guilabel:`Accept & Pay`, customers are presented with :guilabel:`Validate Order`
pop-up window containing different options for them to make online payments, in the :guilabel:`Pay
with` section.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/validate-order-pay-with.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to register a payment on a validate order pop-up window in Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   Odoo will **only** offer payment options on the :guilabel:`Validate Order` pop-up window that
   have been published and configured on the :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page.

Once the customer selects their desired method of payment, they will click the :guilabel:`Pay`
button on the pop-up window, thus officially confirming the order. Odoo will instantly notify the

> salesperson attached to the order when the customer confirms the order with an online payment.

Reviewer: Notified how? (I assume via internal notifications or emails depending on settings but might be nice to have a screenshot showing how they are informed).

feature option, located in the :guilabel:`Online confirmation` field, on the :guilabel:`Other Info`
tab.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/online-payment-option-quotation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The online payment setting on a standard quotation in Odoo Sales.

To enable this feature on a quotation template, click the checkbox for the :guilabel:`Payment`
feature option, located in the :guilabel:`Online confirmation` field of the quotation template form.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/online-payment-option-quotation-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The online payment setting on quotation template forms in Odoo Sales.

Payment providers
=================

After activating the :guilabel:`Online Payment` feature, a link to configure :guilabel:`Payment
Providers` appears beneath it.

Clicking that link reveals a separate :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page, in which a large variety
of payment providers can be enabled, customized, and published.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/payment-providers-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Payment providers page in Odoo Sales.

.. seealso::

>    - :doc:`/applications/finance/payment_providers`

Reviewer 2: Update doc paths to be relative
```suggestion
   :doc:`../../../finance/payment_providers`
```

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/accept-and-pay-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The accept and pay button on an online quotation in Odoo Sales.

After clicking :guilabel:`Accept & Pay`, customers are presented with :guilabel:`Validate Order`
pop-up window containing different options for them to make online payments, in the :guilabel:`Pay
with` section.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/validate-order-pay-with.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to register a payment on a validate order pop-up window in Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   Odoo will **only** offer payment options on the :guilabel:`Validate Order` pop-up window that
   have been published and configured on the :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page.

Once the customer selects their desired method of payment, they will click the :guilabel:`Pay`
button on the pop-up window to confirm the order. Odoo instantly notifies the assigned salesperson
upon order confirmation with an online payment.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/payment-confirmation-notification-chatter.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sample of notification that appears in the chatter when an online payment is made.

.. seealso::

>    - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`
>    - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/get_signature_to_validate`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - :doc:`quote_template`
   - :doc:`get_signature_to_validate`
   - :doc:`../../../finance/payment_providers`
```

Payment` feature by checking the box next to it, and clicking :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/online-payment-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The online payment setting in the Odoo Sales application.

.. note::
  To enable this feature on a standard quotation, click the checkbox for the :guilabel:`Payment`
  feature option, located in the :guilabel:`Online confirmation` field, on the :guilabel:`Other
  Info` tab.

   .. image:: get_paid_to_validate/online-payment-option-quotation.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The online payment setting on a standard quotation in Odoo Sales.

   To enable this feature on a quotation template, click the checkbox for the :guilabel:`Payment`
   feature option, located in the :guilabel:`Online confirmation` field of the quotation template
   form.

   .. image:: get_paid_to_validate/online-payment-option-quotation-template.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The online payment setting on quotation template forms in Odoo Sales.

Beneath the :guilabel:`Online Payment` option on the *Sales* :guilabel:`Settings` page, there's a
:guilabel:`Default Quotation Validity` field. In this field, there's the option to add a specific

> number of days for quotations to remain valid by default.

Reviewer 3: I think this section can be moved up to immediately follow the instruction to check the "Online Payment" feature box, so people don't need to jump back to the Sales > configuration > settings page after going to the quotation

Payment providers
=================

> After checking the box beside the :guilabel:`Online Payment` feature on the :guilabel:`Settings`
> page, a link to the :guilabel:`Payment Providers` appears beneath it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After activating the :guilabel:`Online Payment` feature, a link to configure :guilabel:`Payment
Providers` appears beneath it.
```

Clicking that link reveals a separate :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page, in which a large variety
of payment providers can be enabled, customized, and published.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/payment-providers-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Payment providers page in Odoo Sales.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/finance/payment_providers`

Register a payment
==================

> After opening quotations in their customer portal, and customers click :guilabel:`Accept & Pay` to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After opening quotations in their customer portal, customers can click :guilabel:`Accept & Pay` to
```

confirm their order with an online payment.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/accept-and-pay-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The accept and pay button on an online quotation in Odoo Sales.

After clicking :guilabel:`Accept & Pay`, customers are presented with :guilabel:`Validate Order`
pop-up window containing different options for them to make online payments, in the :guilabel:`Pay
with` section.

.. image:: get_paid_to_validate/validate-order-pay-with.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to register a payment on a validate order pop-up window in Odoo Sales.

.. note::
   Odoo will **only** offer payment options on the :guilabel:`Validate Order` pop-up window that
   have been published and configured on the :guilabel:`Payment Providers` page.

Once the customer selects their desired method of payment, they will click the :guilabel:`Pay`

> button on the pop-up window, thus officially confirming the order. Odoo will instantly notify the
> salesperson attached to the order when the customer confirms the order with an online payment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
button on the pop-up window to confirm the order. Odoo instantly notifies the assigned salesperson
upon order confirmation with an online payment.
```
Optional suggestion for brevity (:
